ImplIE design doc.
  We're covering 6 relation classes: origin (ethnicgroup, country, and nationality merged), jobTitle, religion, city, province (and state), and school

  - Tagger
    There are two types of taggers that are currently used, KeywordTagger and CaseInsensitiveKeywordTagger.
    The two tag exact matches from the list of terms given for the class, with corresponding case sensitivity.
    -- Case Insensitive: jobTitle, religion
    -- Case Sensitive: origin, city, province, school
    
    jobTitle and religion are case insensitive since the terms have little overlap with other domains.
    This is preferable since it is flexible to case changes due to the grammar, such as at the beginning of a sentence.
    
    The others are selected to be case sensitive since many of the terms overlap with other domains.  For example,
    "Mobile" is a city name, but also used as an adjective, such as "mobile phone", or another example "US" stands
    for United States, but "us" means a group of people including the speaker.
    
    The terms were acquired through a combination of modified NELL relation class lists, custom hand curated terms,
    and lists from wikipedia.
    We seeked to tag origin, city, province, and school classes case sensitively, but many of the NELL class terms
    were completely uppercase or completely lowercase despite being a word that should be capitalized (e.g. french).
    To fix this we modified the list so that for any term that is completely lowercase or completely uppercase,
    we changed the casing so that for each space-separated token within the term, the first character is uppercase,
    and the remaining characters are lowercase.  We did not modify all of them since some terms already has proper
    casing and it avoids the risk of miscapitalizing a term that has a more complicated capitalization structure.
    We further changed the school list so that any term with 3 or fewer characters are completely capitalized since
    many of the school terms are acronyms.
    We found that the NELL origin lists was quite incomplete so we supp6orted it with a list of country names and their
    adjectival and demonymic forms from wikipedia.
      URL: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_adjectival_and_demonymic_forms_for_countries_and_nations.
    Furthermore, during development in the benchmark set, we added missing terms (many of which were specific job titles),
    and removed terms that were incorrectly in the NELL list.
    
  - Expansion Function
    The expansion function follows the following set of rules.
    The expansion starts at the tag and is carried out until the rules cannot be applied any further in any direction, 
    then the words expanded to are added to a set.
    We then calculate the entity by pulling out the smallest substring of the sentence that contains every word in the expansion set.
    We make the assumption that expanding on these rules will result in a noun phrase. [We should show that this should always be the case
    if the parse is correct].
    
  - Filters
    - Head Word Filter
      We do not allow extraction where the tag is also the head word.  This is because the tagged class term should be modifying the
      head word.  Identity relations, though not always incorrect, are not interesting or useful.  
      This is done using the Stanford SemanticHeadFinder. 
